docs: distinguish between Global Hooks and Environment Hooks (#3092)
web-infra-dev/rsbuild: website/docs/en/plugins/dev/hooks.mdx

When executing the `rsbuild preview` command or `rsbuild.preview()` method, Rsbuild will execute the following hooks in order:

- [modifyRsbuildConfig](#modifyrsbuildconfig)
- [modifyEnvironmentConfig](#modifyenvironmentconfig)
- [onBeforeStartProdServer](#onbeforestartprodserver)
- [onAfterStartProdServer](#onafterstartprodserver)
- [onExit](#onexit)

## Global Hooks vs Environment Hooks

> In Rsbuild, some plugin hooks are global hooks. The execution of these hooks is often related to Rsbuild's own startup logic or global logic and is shared under all Environments. Such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Rsbuild, some of the plugin hooks are global hooks. The execution of these hooks is often related to Rsbuild's own startup process or global logic and is shared under all environments. Such as:
```

- `modifyRsbuildConfig` is used to modify the basic configuration of Rsbuild. The basic configuration will eventually be merged with the environment configuration;

> - `onBeforeStartDevServer` and `onAfterStartDevServer` are related to Rsbuild DevServer startup, all Environments share Rsbuild's DevServer, middlewares, and Web Socket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `onBeforeStartDevServer` and `onAfterStartDevServer` are related to the Rsbuild dev server startup process, all environments share Rsbuild's dev server, middlewares, and Web Socket.
```
